---
layout: blog.njk
title: "Sabbatical Update (Week 4)"
date: 2021-07-02
summary: >
  (26 June 2021 to 2 July 2021) Reading Liminal Thinking
  and updating my investment portfolio.
tags:
  - blog
  - sabbatical
category: Sabbatical
---

<aside>
  This is a series of weekly updates chronicling my year-long
  sabbatical adventures. You can fill out this
  <a href="https://forms.gle/52HXSYj3SJ9tUbMy8">form</a> to receive
  an email whenever I post a new weekly update. Check out my
  <a href="/sabbatical/prologue">sabbatical prologue</a> post
  for an overview of my sabbatical.
</aside>

## Reading

[china]: https://global.oup.com/academic/product/modern-china-a-very-short-introduction-9780198753704?cc=br&lang=en&

I started and finished [*Liminal Thinking*](http://liminalthinking.com/book/)
this week. It's a fast read and has lots of useful nuggets of wisdom!
I'm now reading [*Modern China: A Very Short Introduction*][china].

## Investing

I spent most of this week updating my savings/investment portfolio.
The most interesting thing I did this week was figuring out how
to systematically study the historical correlations between all of
the funds in my portfolio. This systematic study helped me find
some redundancies and reduce the total number of funds in my portfolio,
which will make it easier for me to maintain over the long run. I also
reviewed all of my investing notes over the last year and a half. My
motivation there was to rediscover old ideas that may still be
relevant and understand my own psychology/biases/habits better.
I also started to create a system that backtests the funds I hold
but I seem to have run into a bug with one of the market data APIs
that I rely on. Last, I did some routine maintenance of the portfolio
(buying and selling funds).

## What's next

This week I will be polishing my grandpa's autobiography.
Over the last 5 years I did 10-15 hours of interviews with him,
learning about his life. I then organized those interviews into
their chronological narrative. I have them all up on a website
but the website style and UI is bare-bones. This week I'll be
sprucing up the style/UI and looking for more supplementary
content (such as old images of San Francisco, where my grandpa
grew up).
