---
layout: blog.njk
title: "Sabbatical Update (Week 5)"
date: 2021-07-09
summary: >
  (2 July 2021 to 8 July 2021) Continuing work on Grandpa's autobiography,
  finishing Modern China: A Very Short Introduction, and starting The Deficit Myth.
tags:
  - blog
  - sabbatical
category: Sabbatical
---

<aside>
  This is a series of weekly updates chronicling my year-long
  sabbatical adventures. You can fill out this
  <a href="https://forms.gle/52HXSYj3SJ9tUbMy8">form</a> to receive
  an email whenever I post a new weekly update. Check out my
  <a href="/sabbatical/prologue">sabbatical prologue</a> post
  for an overview of my sabbatical.
</aside>

## Reading

[china]: https://global.oup.com/academic/product/modern-china-a-very-short-introduction-9780198753704
[deficit]: https://www.publicaffairsbooks.com/titles/stephanie-kelton/the-deficit-myth/9781541736184/

I finished [*Modern China: A Very Short Introduction*][china].
I'm now reading [*The Deficit Myth*][deficit].

## Grandpa's autobiography

One of the main reasons I took a sabbatical was because
I had projects that I knew were important but I could
never find the time or energy to do. My grandpa's
autobiography is one such project. Back in 2018 I did
a bunch of interviews with my grandpa. He told me stories
of his life. I transcribed the recordings and organized
them chronologically. I got the content up on a bare-bones
website and found some photos. But then my progress stalled.
It's been 2-3 years since we started the project! He's not
going to live forever, I would like to give him a mostly
complete work while he's still on Earth!

I'm happy to say that I made some progress on the autobiography
this week. Specifically, I:

* Found relevant photos from the San Francisco Public
  Library's Historical Photograph Collection to supplement my
  grandpa's stories
* Re-organized the content (consolidating chapters, moving incomplete
  stuff to drafts, etc.)
* Got the tony.basqu.es domain working
* Got automatic Netlify deploys working
* Polished up the site UI and presentation

It's all online, you can check it out at
[tony.basqu.es](https://tony.basqu.es).

I'm a bit frustrated that it's still not done, but I'm sure
my psyche is happy that it's much closer to done now!

## What's next

Next week I have a bunch of chores to get out of the way.
E.g. scheduling a flight back to the United States,
scheduling dentist appointments, etc. Hopefully they won't take
all week. I think it's interesting to spend a week specifically
focused on all of them, though. Let's see how it goes!
